comrades I apologize ahead of time but
I'm going to have to take this next
story just a little bit personally as
some of you are aware there is a movie
out by Disney called frozen that takes
place during the time which the Danish
occupation of Norway occur now in this
story the wood is based on a Danish
fairy tale The Snow Queen the Sami
people are depicted in the movie and
that depiction is that they all have
white skin blonde hair and blue eyes
now I figured I should step in on this
because I'm summing myself now the
outrage that some people have
demonstrated is the fact that at the
time in which the story would take place
the Sami people would not look this way
at all in fact they would have been dark
hair and they would have had reddish
various shades of red skin somewhat akin
to Native Americans it's the way to so
many people were at the time and then
over the centuries we became whiter and
whiter and whiter with closer and closer
contact with Europeans now some people
have taken exception to this because
they see it as an inaccurate portrayal
it's important here to correct some
people on the idea that the Sami and the
Danish existed in the same place well
that's not the case what happened was
between I believe 1661 and 1814 the
Danish had control over what is known as
Norway and that's where this tale
actually comes from so there are no
actual saw me in you know Danish
territory other than obviously a few
cases of immigration by that I mean the
Danish aren't sitting on a native Sami
ground now to the people who have
complained about the historical
inaccuracy in the Disney movies
surrounding the appearance of so many
people well I do agree with you their
portrayal was inaccurate it is Disney
and asking for historical accuracy and
Disney is asking too much now in steps
tumbler to make things worse one Sami
blogger on tumblr said that they didn't
feel that they were offended by anything
in the movie because they themselves -
or blond white blue eyes now they said
they also resented a lot of social
justice warriors all of a sudden
speaking up with a Sami and then in
doing so betraying us and
clearly the way a lot of white liberals
in debt portraying african-americans
improperly when they're trying to defend
them and often trying to speak over them
in terms of their own defense which is
wrong the person took exception to
tumbler trying to speak for the sámi
instead of letting us speak for
ourselves you all tell white straight
sis people to check their privilege and
to not speak on behalf of people of
color but so many people who are not of
my culture are speaking on behalf of us
and I find it very hypocritical most of
you have never even heard of the Sami
culture until this film so please put
down the virtual pitchforks and just
enjoy the movie this is actually a very
good point to make it's extremely
hypocritical on the part of tumblr to
try to speak for us when they shout at
whites as male gender by other can
whatever
Ferg's trying to speak for anybody else
now this is the response that one social
justice warrior had to that all I read
was I'm white and I still do not
understand my privilege I think that the
inclusion of people of color means that
white people are being harmed no one
cares about your white tears in other
words instead of making a real point
tumblr just acted like tumblr now here's
the reality of what the situation is
like in a lot of the places where the
Sami continue to live the sami largely
are treated as second-class people even
though we're white and so are the rest
of the people in the country there are
also white but yet the Sami are still
treated as second-class despite the fact
that we have the same skin color because
there's still a historical context to
everything that is going on meaning
there's a whole huge history there the
tumblr just doesn't seem to either know
or just doesn't care all they see is
white skin so must be attacked this
detached is from the real relations of
people that exist in the country there
is a reason why there is an idol no more
stop me stop me being the actual name
for Sami territory the point I would
like to make here is that myself and
this blogger both have the right to
speak to our own people because it is
our people and what we don't appreciate
is people like the tumblr social justice
crowd that have no idea whether
talking about jumping in and starts
screaming as though somebody wasn't
respecting their pronouns or they're not
checking their privilege we are a race
of people we have a right to discuss our
our own affairs
you cannot shout shout us down and then
try to speak for us that is
condescending and insulting and I
particularly hate Tumblr for this if
white people don't have the right to
speak for people of color which they
don't then you also do not have the
right to speak for us we can speak about
our own issues and I would appreciate it
if you would shut the hell up and before
I go I would just like to make one more
point there's something that bothers me
about the tumblr social justice crowd
their deliberate ignorance or ignoring
of third-world poverty should we not be
surprised that when social justice takes
its form in the first world that this
particular form takes place on the
Internet
our people are privileged enough to have
access to it and the fact that it is
dominated by white and middle class
people who completely ignore the
existence of poverty in the third world
tumblr social justice weeks of white
first world privilege because the
biggest issue they can seem to focus on
are things that are directly related to
themselves and they own privileged
position which they're always telling
people to check yes the tumblr social
justice crowd is the epitome of
privileged white first world people that
don't check their privilege while
telling everyone else to do it thank you
for watching please comment and rate the
video if you liked it hit subscribe or
check out some of these other great
videos if you wish to share it on social
media one while you're at it won't you
follow me on Twitter and if you got time
going over to the mrn bookstore and
check out some of the latest books
available